It's, Oh, nice little drum beat at the end there. Good morning, good morning, good morning. This is Sunshine fm Modern media for Palm Springs Coachella. An experiment in AI everything. Safe space to have these conversations about where is this AI world going to take us. So last night, Wednesday, January 21st, I attended the second follow up AI event, kind of sponsored by and put on by the city of Palm Springs. If you recall, they actually had an Expo last June. June 23rd, I was a part of helping organize and naming that expo event. Same thing with these follow up events. Future PS did one in November and we did one last night. So here's a kind of like on the ground ground truth reporting, as it were, from that event. If you happen to go dme, let's talk about it. You know, I want to know what you thought in terms of the pros and cons of it. If you've missed it, well, this is why you are picking up Sunshine FM and what my opinions were of the event. Now, again, I've run over 25 workshops, AI workshops in 2025 at Cal State University ERC building. And there's a lot of learning there. And the way we put this, put the workshops together, there was a lot of hands on learning from all the different foundational models. And last summer there was a lot of new news being dropped almost every other day. So there was a lot to catch up on. And there was a lot of hands on, kind of actual learning to, let's say, vibe code. So you, you know, getting too technical in coding, that wasn't the class. But stepping your foot into vibe coding was definitely what we were all about. So you go to a networking event like you go to, let's say yesterday at the Agua Caliente Cultural Museum. Nice little spot, by the way, Great little room. And imagine out in the patio on warmer nights, that must be absolutely beautiful out there. A networking event, you know, it's, it tries to do networking, but unless you're invited into conversations, you, you know, I witnessed, I looked around and there were a lot of people who were just like, you know, not necessarily talking to new people, they were just talking to the same people that they know. So it's a tough thing, right? Any event that you do networking, with networking as the goal, it's difficult to actually pull off right now. The Palm Springs Chamber who actually organize the logistics of the event, shout out to Nora and Evan, they know this full well. You know, chamber events, they have many years of experience on name badging, checking in and who goes where. ET Cetera, et cetera. So these are kind of early days, and I think there's going to be a lot of learning about what does the community want out of this? And so yesterday was there a lot of networking? Yeah, maybe, maybe again, that. That's okay. I actually had invited a local entrepreneur who's trying to put together a maker's lab. I. I believe he's trying to put on a maker's lab. I'm not so sure. He did bring his little AI robotic companion called Millie, and that was kind of fun. And I think if he can make the right connections in town, I think having a maker's lab in the Coachella Valley would be a big, big win. Let me see if I can get his information. So if anybody wants to reach out to what he's doing and what he's all about. His name is Nikolai Andretti, and his umbrella company is called DreamCloud. And the robotics education course that he is offering, I think to everybody, but I think mostly to high school students and university students, is called Millennial Tech AI. And I think it's pretty. I think it's a great idea. And because he's so early, I think if you are interested in computer aided design, 3D printing, AI robotics, and how all of that comes together, send me a dm. I'll introduce you to Nikolai. I think what he's trying to do is it's needed and it's not necessarily working where I play, but I'm glad to see that there's somebody out there trying to do this on a private level, not necessarily a, let's say COD or Cal State University level. I'd like to know what the school districts are doing with this. I imagine they are. I just don't know enough about it. So, anyway, so there's some networking, introduced him to a few people. The, the key, let's say speaker for the night was this AI artist called Kelly. I'm imagining it's pronounced Bosch, but I should have confirmed with her before she left. Kelly Bosch, an AI artist who had a really great presentation about not just her journey, how she's gone into AI as a creativity outlet, but I think having the videos up, her videos, AI videos, and her music helped, I think, really kind of open some people's eyes to what is capable with these AI services and models. And for those of us who play in this all day long, her artistry was definitely was. I can understand why she has a million followers. So according to her website, she's an AI visual innovator, blending Two decades of design expertise from IMAX and abstract painting with cutting edge technology. Her visually arresting content has captivated over 1.5 million viewers or followers, excuse me, across various platforms. And the reason why I think having Kelly there was a great plus for what maybe the AI kind of, let's say slow moving movements happening in Palm Springs Coachella is that she's a Palm Desert resident and you know what I'm talking about here at Sunshine fm. It's all about hyper local elevating and showcasing anybody and everybody in our region who is actually experimenting, who is actually utilizing AI, and for what purposes, whether in your small business, your enterprise or individually, as Kelly seems to be doing. So I'm hoping at some point we'll start integrating some of her music into Sunshine fm. And at some point when we are up and running to actually get live interviews with folks, I'll reach out to her manager Kim and see if we can get Kim Kelly on here and we'll talk about AI and creativity and really, at the end of the day, the promise and the peril of AI, she's obviously riding a wave. Congratulations. I think her use of mid journey and artistic sense was pretty. It's got this. It has its almost own style or I have not seen that style before. I did ask her a question about SUNO and how the radio stations and music labels are going to manage this. It seems the conversations I had not just with her and her manager, but also a couple of other folks who are in the audience or in the gathering who are in this world. I feel as though they're kind of the takeaway there was. AI is just automatically being integrated in all the radio stations generally. And that it's so far gone in terms of Suno Kant claw back, what's what training data is out there in the ecosystem. And so it's almost like they're just letting it run and dealing with, let's say, the pushback either from artists or for consumers. I know that Kelly had mentioned that she had a library of songs on Bandcamp and I should have done some research on this this morning. Band Camp apparently last week pulled any AI music from their service and in. In a. Either a, you know, response to consumer feedback or their own leadership wanting to separate themselves from a lot of the other, not just music services, but to think about your own Instagram and Facebook feeds. I mean, most of that, if, if not. Yeah, maybe. I'll say most, maybe 51% of that stuff is AI generated stuff. Look at you. If you're on LinkedIn. Look at your LinkedIn flow and feed. I would say 80% of that stuff is just AI generated. So then when you go to visual and music, are some of these services also maybe trying to separate the two? Possibly Bandcamp is basically saying no AI generated music. So she has lost that outlet. But I think they are trying to work on either working with Bandcamp or she has plenty of other outlets to put her music into, which is, you know, YouTube, Instagram, her own website, Spotify, et cetera, et cetera. So again, that was great to have somebody actually experimenting with AI at the event. They did talk, they brought back cod College of the Desert to talk about what they're doing with the AI accelerator in a couple of years, which, you know, I've already spoken on a previous episode about. That's great that, you know, it's two and a half years away before you open up your campus in Palm Springs. But in the meantime, what is going to happen with AI and live work and life here in Palm Springs? Coachella? And I think yesterday what they did was they showed what they're actually offering right now, which is a very rudimentary class. I think it's a four week or four course class at COD through their Hospitality and Pace program, which I think is out of their. Out of the mall in Palm Desert. So if you're familiar with the mall in Palm Desert, the Shops and El on actually the Shops at Palm Desert, the old Westfield Mall, I think they have a. They have a little office and classroom downstairs where the old ice rink used to be. And they're offering this. I'm not even sure what they call it. I didn't get a flyer. I did see it, but I didn't get the flyer. I think. What are they calling it? Yeah, AI Focused course curriculum. And if you're in the AI bubble, it's very, very basic. But it's a great step into AI to learn the basics of ChatGPT and maybe Claude. They had Claude's logo on there. I'm not sure how much they're going to actually teach Claude. That seems like, you know, not AI101, but AI102. And so that's great. You got a public entity, College of the Desert, who is offering that. And so they spoke about those courses and, you know, with Pearson, a academic entity, they're offering a badge that when you finish that course, you can put it on your LinkedIn or your resume, and if you press that badge, it links to, hey, there's a certificate, you know, proof of Coursework finished, something that Google has been doing for many, many years, something that LinkedIn offers in their credentials, something that Section AI offers. So this is not anything new, but it's obviously new for cod and it'll be another entry point for residents of Coachella Valley to at least get some basics. It'll be interesting to follow up with them to see what kind of enrollment they actually get because a couple of years ago we were kind of suggesting and proposing this to the cities to get people onboarded. Two years later I think the our goal has changed to how do we actually get this integrated into business and enterprise. So slightly different kind of version. So I'm glad they're doing it. It'll be interesting to follow up with them to see where they go with this. So my takeaway for the event last night is it's not what I had originally proposed this event to be as a follow up. I think there's a whole developer community, I think there's a whole creative community that wants more hands on like conversations and going deeper into the various tools and updates on, on each one of the tools, whether it's Claude, whether it's ChatGPT, whether it's Google Gemini. I had a sense that when Kelly was mentioning Nana Banana as one of the image generators, as I was looking around the room I could see basically, maybe anecdotally, the majority of people had no idea what Kelly was talking about. Whereas the developer community and the creative community that I'm I know is in town, they would know exactly what nanobanana Pro is and the pros and cons of using Nano Banana Pro, whether on Google Gemini's studio or externally from some other service providers that are offering it within their own the tiers as it were. So again, great that they're doing this. It feels like it's the same leadership people leading the charge. When I feel as though maybe Peter lafort being different, being separate, I think everybody else is just basically, you know, same leaders, almost talking the same playbook except with the new topic which is AI. Again, just an opinion I might be right, might be wrong. I think what we, I think that leaves an opportunity for what we're doing at Sunshine fm, what we do at aicv, which is more hands on conversations about what's happening in the big AI world and how it impacts us locally and then having some community people come on, come on the air and let's talk about how they're integrating AI into their own businesses and services. With that said, Jeff Harrison was there. He has his own marketing agency, very attuned to everything in the AI. You know, definitely came to a lot of our workshops. He. If you're looking for some help in. In what? Wherever the future of marketing is taking us. Jeff Harrison with Swingping Point Media is definitely somebody to get a hold of. I think he did some. He does some remarkable work, remarkable work locally when it comes to AI understanding. And I believe he's one of the only, or at least one of the first few hey Gen. Ambassadors in the Coachella Valley. And if you're familiar with. Hey Jen. Hey Jen Is an AI video avatar service, and Jeff Harrison is one of the ambassadors locally. So if you're looking for any kind of AI video avatar for customer service or sales or you imagine it, reach out to me. I'll be happy to put you in touch with Jeff Harrison. And moving from the events on the ground last night to some of the signals that we received while we were at the event, I think one of the most important kind of topics that came up yesterday, you know, at least from where I sit, was Anthropic recasting the future of Claude by rewriting the founding document that. That enables Claude to understand itself. And it was a paper that they released for us, let's say, users, to understand how Claude is supposed to make his decisions. They basically released a new, and I'm putting this in quotes, Constitution for its flagship chatbot. It was detailing the values and vision that Anthropic espouses for its model's behavior. This updated the version that they released in 2023. This manifesto, which was released under a Creative Commons license, was organized around four main principles. Bottom line, what they're trying to put a line in the sand is they're saying that their models are broadly safe, ethical, and compliant with Anthropic's guidelines, and genuinely helpful. So to sum it up, I did some research this morning. Anthropic notes that Claude should not supersede a human's ability to correct and control its values or behavior, preventing these models from taking harmful actions based on mistaken beliefs, flaws in their values, or limited understanding of context. The company also aims for Claude to be a good, wise and virtuous agent, handling sensitive and nuanced decisions with good judgment and honesty. The document also outlined that Anthropic may also give Claude supplementary instructions on how to handle tricky queries, specifically citing medical advice, cybersecurity requests, and jailbreaking information. And of course, Anthropic wants Claude to actually be useful. The company went on to say it wants Claude to be a brilliant friend who knows pretty much anything and wants to treat users like intelligent adults capable of deciding what is good for them. Okay, I'm just kind of chuckling a bit because at the end of the day, what I. It's good for them that they came out of the Constitution, right? Yeah. They still have black box with, internally, with their tech, rightly so. It is valued at, you know, $85 billion, I think, right now. And the Constitution, yeah, I think it's just as a great way for us to, you know, try and separate what they're trying to do with, let's say, ChatGPT and even Google Gemini. But I do think this is a way of not necessarily taking shots, but showing how Claude differentiates itself from the other two large language models, which is obviously OpenAI, ChatGPT and Google's Gemini, by basically saying, look, we're the adult in the room and we're not going to be taking these wild swings over here like xai. We're not going to be taking, taking on and trying to be a chat GPT for everything like OpenAI is doing. And we're certainly not the folks that change from don't be evil just because it didn't, it wasn't, didn't make sense for Google anymore. And while there was some skepticism about, you know, this Constitution, I think the, you know, if you're in the AI bubble, and by the way, this is going to sound really, really wild out there. Right. There are conversations about how these AI entities have some sort of semblance of consciousness in the future. And is there, and do they have. And is their moral status and welfare something that we should be taking seriously? Also comes on the heels of Dario Amade, anthropic CEO, where he claimed in an interview at the Davos conference on Tuesday, and we talked about this yesterday, that AI could be the catalyst for significant economic growth. But he also warned that the wealth might not be distributed equally. Yes. And he painted a nightmare scenario in which unchecked AI could leave millions of people, people behind, urging governments to help navigate the potential displacement. Something we talk about here all the time, anywhere. And his quote, as he told Wall Street Journal editor Emma Tucker, was, I don't think there's an awareness at all of what is coming here and the magnitude of it. Now, how does this, let's say, square with what I experienced yesterday at the Future PS networking event. I think when I hear Dario Amadei say these words and then what I experience down on the street, I think we are. The chasm couldn't be any wider. We, when I say we, the leadership in the Palm Springs Coachella, are moving at a pace that works for them because their incentives are for their own, let's say academia or governance or civics, whatever term you want to use. Meanwhile, AI is going at the speed of AI and that chasm, you know, we may think that we're kind of catching up. I'm here to say, actually, no, I'm here to opine, and I'm happy for pushback that. No, I think that chasm is just getting wider and wider. So I think my takeaway for what the Claude's constitution is is that, you know, they've got competitors like OpenAI and XAI regularly being dragged into various kerfuffles, as it were. And we do talk about that because it is on X and it is on the newsletters and on the podcast that I consume on a daily basis. And I think this is just Anthropic's version of just being an adult in the room, keen to stay on mission and maintain its image. With the new constitution, the company's leaders constantly evangelizing, and AI safety, ethics and responsibility, Anthropic is trying to make it clear to customers that it's the moral, upstanding model provider that they can trust. And I think, you know, they're. They're from most folks that I talk to and mostly clients that I have and the enterprises that I'm trying to speak to about this stuff. Claude seems to be the most trustworthy, foundational model for the time being. Obviously, Microsoft has already has a beachhead in all these enterprises. Obviously Google has made huge inroads, and so Gemini is just going to follow everywhere Google is. And while OpenAI and ChatGPT have the brand marketing and the brand name, as it were, I think it's definitely more consumer. Even though they are pushing into enterprise, I think Claude is doing a pretty powerful job on being that trustworthy provider for enterprises. And while it does seem like this might be virtue signaling, if you've been following Claude since day one, as we have here at AICV and Sunshine fm, this is not new. These ideas have been core to Anthropic's mission from the jump. And I think being the good guy right now appears to being. Appears to have paid off. All right, so let's quickly turn over to something else that kind of came across my desk this morning, and it was really Common Sense Media. Common Sense Media happens to be what the name implies. It's been around for I think 20 something years. And it was when we sold our tech gaming company, which was for parents of tweens. Common Sense Media was definitely some information and journalists that we relied on to make sure that we were on the right path for responsible gameplay and responsible gamification, as it were. That was fun for the kids and also very, very safe for the parents. So Common Sense Media published early this morning that AI powered toys can be risky to young children. And if you've, if you're a parent of young children right now, yes, AI powered toys are fun because there is a lot of person, personality and personalization involved in those toys. But here's what common, Common Sense Media says they are risky. It tested some popular AI enabled toys in the market and it asserts that these toys collect extensive data on children. They risk emotional dependency due to engagement focused design which, you know, I guess training them for social media that we're having a tough time breaking from. And it often spewed out inappropriate outputs due to a breakdown in safety guardrails. Bottom line, though these gadgets may look cute parents AI is still AI at the end of the day. Thanks Common Sense Media. I'm a parent. I don't have young kids anymore. But I remember when we were doing Audrey's World and Digital Family Network which we sold to as an aqua hire to king.com we were, we were deep into Coppa laws and children protection and children safety. I do feel a lot of this AI stuff, all of that regulation, I should say, or conversations with parents maybe is even more important now because AI is both a promise and apparel. So parents be on guard about how much AI you do expose. You have your kids exposed to. And by the way, if you are a parent, you want to talk about this? Come on, let's talk about this. I want to have a conversation. You know, I don't have young kids anymore. But if you're a parent of young kids and you have either enthusiastically embraced AI toys and games, let's talk about it. If you have concerns, let's talk about that too. I think it's important that we all have this conversation so we can all learn from each other. And by the way, if you're in high school and you're playing around with AI, always an open invitation for you to come on here and either share your AI generated media music. We're an audio station, obviously. And if you have any conversations or thoughts or opinions about any of the AI tools you're using or how you're using it in the classroom, or out of school. Open invitation. Send me a dm. Let's get on here. Let's have the conversation. We want to learn. Okay, Open AI. As I mentioned over the last couple of days, Open Air is going to spend some serious dosh on super bowl commercial coming up February 8th. I think it's two spots that they're taking and they're trying to. What they're trying to do, I think on these super bowl commercials is trying to move our understanding of AI from something novel to how does AI impact your everyday life? Because according they want to be dropping this commercial, by the way, if they didn't think the adoption rate is not as, as strong as they want it to be. They may have almost 900 million weekly active users, but perhaps again, just like in the gamification world, maybe 9% are on a daily active use and the rest are just once in a while, right? OpenAI has coined a term for this disconnect, as in quotes, the capability overhang. And basically they are on a, I wouldn't say marketing mission, but let's say education mission. That that understanding may be a key to unlocking more AI value. So they came out with a blog post titled AI for Self Empowerment. Hey, I love that because that was one of our summer long workshops that we did at Cal State last summer in 2025. AICV workshops. It was all about how do we empower everybody in the valley with these tools and services and understand understanding and training and know how to then enable individuals to go to the next level with these tools. Okay, so in the blog post titled AI for Self Empowerment, the AI lab defines the capability overhang as the gap between what AI systems can do now and the value most people, businesses and countries are actually capturing from them at scale. Yeah, we ran into that same issue all last year. There's a big. There's a big gap. And AICV is there to help bridge that gap. It worked for quite a lot of people. My goal is to get a lot more people bridged. OpenAI. OpenAI, however, said that accurately evaluating the capability overhang is challenging because. Because helpful AI use cases can't often be predicted, citing ChatGPT's early days as an example. Even though it wasn't capable of doing much more than functioning as a question and answer engine, people found creative ways to apply it in their everyday lives. And that challenge has only been exasperated, exacerbated. That is a tough word. Now that frontier AI models can take action and reason on much more challenging tasks. Which leaves Open Air unable to predict exactly how it will be integrated into people's lives. So as a result, the company says its people are using the tools that will actually help identify new use cases and better understand the capability overhang. Oh, that's interesting. Some of the company's predictions of the high level outcomes include double digit GDP DP growth, but it will require managing the capability overhang, which OpenAI says can be done in three ways. Ready for the three? Let's see how much. Let's see how many of these three mirror what we are doing at aicv. Provide people with credible data that clearly explains what is going on in the AI space. We were doing that all summer long in our AICV Summer series workshops. I don't know what the high schools or the colleges are doing within their walls. Just as a resident of the Coachella Valley, I don't hear about it or read about it. So perhaps other people are doing it. If you're, if you are actually providing this data about what's happening in the airspace, you need to be on here too. Let's share notes and let's have these conversations. Number two, working to ensure all people get equitable access to AI. That's kind of important right now. They did the whole reason why the Cal State, the CSU system, you know, system wide, 23 campuses made a deal with Open Air last year, basically about this time last year, sort of a year ago, and they spent $18 million on buying licenses for ChatGPT was because they wanted to make sure that every student in throughout all Cal State campuses had access to ChatGPT no matter their situation. So equitable access, it's powerful. Kudos to ChatGPT for still offering a free plan and then number three, building tools that users can customize and access to lead to self empowerment. Okay, that's kind of not wishy washy, but it's a bit vague. I mean getting on on board like COD is offering rudimentary classes, offering access to chat GPT for free. If you're a student in Cal State, I think is powerful. You still need training, you still need education, you still need almost person by person. How can this help you in your personal life and your professional life? And how can you go ahead, not necessarily just get ahead, but get elevated in what you want to do in life. So I think it'll be interesting to see what tools OpenAI comes comes out with. So here's my takeaway on reading that blog or actually should say the takeaways in the summary of that blog. Reading those out now and here's my thoughts on it, right There are many bold claims made about AI on a daily basis. I think there's a huge hype cycle that still continues, even though maybe it's died down a bit since let's say 24 and 25. I still think there's a lot of big claims being made, but there's also a whole bunch of items that make the news, right? If, if we said to you, look, you know, we we train 350 local people on AI, it wouldn't necessarily make the news. If you what does make the news is that companies want automation. They are open to decimating jobs and replacing the value and quality of creative work with AI generated slop. That sort of stuff makes the news constantly, right? So OpenAI's concept of capability overhang is a reminder that there is still a lot about AI's impact that still can't be predicted. For better or worse. It also offers a good challenge for AI model and tool developers to focus on when launching new products that we create products that anticipate practical solutions in people's lives, which is what AICV was set up to do. We moved from magical thinking in 2324 to practical thinking in 2526. If you think otherwise, get in the get on the show and let's have this conversation. If you agree, get on the show and let's have this conversation too. And the other one I was going to go kind of deep into, but I'm not going to because I'm running out of time. Time here is very interesting if you're keeping up with what apps are being downloaded and what use what people are actually downloading to their mobile phones. AI apps have basically eclipsed gaming apps, social media apps, shopping, streaming music. It's. I didn't, I didn't think we would be here this quickly, but a couple of years ago I wrote a blog post talking about how. Utilizing AI and let's say chatting with your chatbot on mobile was going to be more interesting, was going to be possibly more empowering and possibly more productive than scrolling through Instagram Reels, TikTok videos, LinkedIn, dopamine articles, Facebook posts, etc, etc, etc. This app download and usage doesn't exactly say that, but the trend is unmistakable. I know this purely because how I use it myself. I feel more productive in having my co founder, AI agent of Sunshine FM and AICV when we're ideating and iterating on tasks and projects and business plans as it were. Then me going through LinkedIn or X or any one of the other social media weapons of choice to get information. I don't know how many of you are making or feeling that kind of switch, but I'm definitely feeling it. And while my goal with Sunshine FM is to synthesize the hundreds of hours of podcasts and newsletters that we consume on a weekly monthly basis into something that's a bit more entertaining, just as informative, but you don't have that kind of time on your hand. I do think we're on this Trend where even TikTok and Instagram Reels are going to start seeding. I shouldn't say seeding. They're going to start seeing declines in their viewership. And where are people going? Not to another TikTok app or another Instagram Reels appreciate, but to AI conversations with their chatbot of choice. Again, I'll do a deep dive on that because I think it's pretty, pretty powerful. It wasn't even that, let's say surprising to me to see that happen. I just didn't think it was going to happen this quickly. Which then I'm going to go ahead and tie it all the way back around to the event I went to last night. Brothers sisters, you're moving too slow for Palm Springs Coachella Valley to really not just keep up, but catch up with what a lot of other cities are doing around the nation. This is not criticism. I just know that the incentives are not aligned and it's on me to do what I can where my incentives are aligned. Knowing how the leadership class in the Coachella Valley has to do what they feel like they have to do. So with that, I'm not sure if you heard the news, but Liza Minnelli or the estate, they give permission to go ahead and make music with her voice. I was hoping for a nice musical to finish off the show, but no, it's mostly just a dance tune with Liza Minnelli in the background kind of sampled. I think this is just the start. I think Sunshine FM is a 247 AI generated experiment in AI generated music and content. I heard last night that a, you know, a bunch of radio stations are just going to do this anyway, with or without consumer, let's say voting or feedback. I think they're making the choice that this is the world we're heading into and individuals don't care if it's human created classic rock songs or AI generated classic rock sounding songs. The good news here with, well, it's not good news, it's just the transparent news here with Sunshine FM is you don't have to make that cognitive decision. Just know everything here is AI generated. And all the music, all the jingles, all the station IDs are AI generated, good, bad or ugly. By the way, these are all experimental and me and my army of agents can't make them all. So if you have some AI generated music that you think would be fun for the Valley to hear, DM me, send me the information, send me the clip, send me the mp3, let's play it, let's put it on air. I can't guarantee. Actually, I won't guarantee a million views or listeners, but I can guarantee you're at the ground floor of the ground truth of AI generated radio station, and in this case, Sunshine fm, Modern media for Palm Springs, Coachella. And with that, I'm going to leave you with a few tunes from Liza Minnelli, our own Ronnie, on our label. She's. She's kind of finished a great little song about sitting down at the bench and watching tourists taking pictures of them forever Marilyn statue. And the working title is Forever Frozen in the Desert Heat. Yeah, pretty clever title. And we'll finish with a couple of Emmy, that's. She's on our label as well, and Trio, which is a kind of country folk band. So I'll see you again tomorrow. Thanks for tuning in today. Have yourselves a fantastic day. Take it away, Liza.